first we trained four
3 weeks have passed have not left with
bases and sat spire or in all is unimportant in
dota counter-strike we sat four
we have four weeks to do
weeks light times this is nonsense i'm a star to me
you need to go there where they will leave for
rest and I also need my own woman
date bring with you on international
and still standing behind my woman i need
always before week for a week
go hang out so she's from me
boycott and everything will not be very
cool i will be a bad marvin
part of it as it is now but here
many players literally j
international literally many
players are all kind of their women
everyone fucks everything everyone drinks but when
Ace ends naturally and everything needs to
plenty of drinks because we are all together
for friendship there on the second day you need
drink 3 by 4 by 5 10 total
the internet is just everyone drinks everything smokes
everyone drinks and smokes
roughly begins well well
begins and here we have here
international when we were driving international not
it was women this rule number one was not
no alcohol is rule number two
there was no one smoking
this rule is 03 and all these
parties that come together
let's have a drink and we all went around Sasha
said sasha come on you don't drink up
concert show your maximum and four
three weeks on you on the car without going beyond
were generally about everything about everyone and so
then came night in a ebashili just
four weeks we did not go out with us
it turned out now four weeks people
and the spiers of the line before the games are played
counter-strike this is the current present
just before the match just in counter strike
glacier contrast clinic type it
bust play before the match in
counter-strike ruler
these don't develop hour we sunshine i
I will tell and in the end then what is what
On the first ti finished Sasha who did not
thumped there a week or two weeks and on
he stopped the bootcamp later
swelled so he just ran under
hotels all drenched in general all matches
the manager including yelled tagil all
Imagine how was he
temperance and that's how it happened
international 1 and now international
this people come and thump 24 on 7 and
look at this and that drinkers cannot tour
the fact that alcohol is the worst
Chinese weapons to gather up need
just arrange a free banquet with
all the boat if the Chinese before
Guess us guys of course the Internet
helmets and otlozhatsya done put
vodka strikes interest you put brandy
leave it will pass we drink
a bit and let's do it as we call
let's all together all the guys all worth it
Results of the third floor of the international
the corridor and all Russians are drinking and there is nobody
not fit throws go laugh at us
Well, I would like to help them laugh at us
because 10 lyamov vector 840 on this and
thinks a freebie yes that was us
style and zadrachivali at all without leaving
bases and they were dangerous
now there are some thumps just by
black and somewhere kurolesit and Komi table
there are Chinese hearts running around with you
shpilit yelled run on the same there alone
a girl somewhere there a second girl there in
end up just a million girls all need
pay attention well this is a complete pipets
so here so here it is and the
international baby i hope so we
so it will not be on the camera they steam I bequeathed
no women here seriously romka rock
Roma no women please I mean
girl let the house and waiting for you as your own
wife of Genghis Khan card watch it
conquered the whole world went made children here
so it is gone before you have done well, all
return the winner did the son and not that
that you there chingiskhan took his wife in
hikes
correctly from the communities pussies took his wife
marching you nothing like life
he would not have scored all his life for his wife
ran and yes well, all seriously